---
layout:     post
title:      "Marathon-LB on DCOS clarifications"
subtitle:   "Expose publicly different applications on DCOS"
date:       2016-10-13 12:00:00
author:     "Julien Stroheker"
header-img: "img/post-bg-02.jpg"
---

# My context

Since a few months now, I am having fun with DCOS from mesosphere. 
I can understand that it is not very simple when you start from scratch, like me, in the containers framework world.

First I had to pick one, the three major one that I can see are :
* Kubernetes from Google
* Swarm from Docker
* DCOS from mesosphere

Because I didn't want to focus on all of them, I had to pick one to start learning how it works, I decided to start with DCOS. 

Here are my three main reasons why I picked that one :
* DCOS is used in production by big company like : Twitter or Paypal ;
* It provide some Web portals, and I like nice dashboards ;)
* On Microsoft Azure, we have a service called : Azure Containers Service (ACS) and it is very simple to spin up a environment and start to play with it ;

# Introduction

There are a bunch of different articles on Internet about DCOS so I don't want to do an other 101 about how you can start with DCOS.

I just want to clarify a simple point about : How you can use the Marathon-LB application and configure it to give access at different applications inside your cluster fron the outside with different FQDN.

For example, if you have multiple differents web applications running in multiple differents services inside your DCOS cluster, what configuration you should use and how it works behind the scene.

# DCOS on Azure with ACS

ACS is very well documented and easy to deploy. In my case, I deployed a cluster with 1 master and 5 agents.

It's important to understand the networking composants in place. From the top we have ... 